<meta charset="utf-8">
<ul class="custom-style">
<li><strong>Delivery Partners<br></strong>For domestic deliveries, India Post and other private couriers are our trusted delivery partners and for international orders, we have collaborated with DHL Worldwide Courier Service.</li>
<li><strong>International Delivery - Customs<br></strong>For international orders, our collaboration with DHL is to ensure you have a seamless shopping experience with your orders being cleared through to customs and delivered to your doorstep. However, there is a possibility that you may have to pay the customs charges during delivery directly to DHL if presented with an invoice for import duties and taxes, based on your country's laws and guidelines.</li>
<li><strong>Delivery Tracking<br></strong>Upon order processing and shipping, you will be sent an email with the delivery details and tracking methods. You can also track it in the My Account page of our website. Feel free to reach out to our Customer Care team for more details about your order.</li>
<li><strong>Delivery Duration</strong><br>We do our best to ship your order as soon as possible. It takes 2 business days to process and ship the domestic orders, and for international orders, it would take a minimum of 4 days and a maximum of 6 days. Orders with special requirements and customisations will take about 5 business days for processing. We will always keep you updated through your registered email or phone number.<br><br>Domestic deliveries take up to 3 business days whereas it will take 7 days for international shipping. However, you could also opt for paid international shipping services to fast forward the process.<br><br>Delivery delays due to unforeseen circumstances faced by our delivery partners are beyond our control and we will not be held responsible for the same.</li>
<li><strong>Specific Date Deliveries<br></strong>For online orders, it is possible to select a specific date for delivery as per your convenience. This can be availed only on orders with no tailoring or customisation. Although this must be done in an advance of 7 business days. This shipping feature is available within India and Internationally.</li>
</ul>
