<meta charset="utf-8" />
<ul>
<li>The information about the products published on sundarisilks.com site are provided by sundarisilks.com on the basis of the information received from the product manufacturers and vendors and are on an "as is where is" basis.</li>
<li>sundarisilks.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site, the information, content, materials or products, included on this site.</li>
<li>To the full extent permissible by applicable law, sundarisilks.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.</li>
<li>sundarisilks.com will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site or any of the products offered, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.</li>
<li>sundarisilks.com only facilitates the sale of products between the Vendor and the Buyer and does not directly or indirectly sell or retail any products.</li>
</ul>
<p>sundarisilks.com expressly disclaims any warranties whether express or implied about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, quality, conitunity, performance, lack of viruses or other harmful components and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained within the sundarisilks.com sites/services for any purpose. all such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. sundarisilks.com hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to this service, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, workmanlike effort, title and non-infringement.</p>
<p>User specifically agrees that sundarisilks.com shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to or alteration of user’s transmissions or data, any material or data sent or received or not sent or received, or any transactions entered into through a sundarisilks.com site/service.</p>
<p>Users specifically agree that sundarisilks.com is not responsible or liable for any threatening, defamatory, obscene, offensive or illegal content or conduct of any other party or any infringement of another's rights, including intellectual property rights.</p>
<p>Users specifically agree that sundarisilks.com is not responsible for any content sent using and/or included in a sundarisilks.com site/service by any third party.</p>
<p>advice received via the sundarisilks.com sites/services should not be relied upon for personal, medical, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.</p>
<h4>Returns and Refunds :</h4>
<p>Damaged products: In case of damage caused to a product during shipping, sundarisilks.com will make arrangements to replace the damaged product. However, it is incumbent upon the customer to bring the damage to the notice of the courier at the time of delivery. Please note that the replacement is dependent on the report submitted by the courier, and the nature of damage. So, please check the product at the time of delivery, and if unsatisfied make a complaint to the delivery person. Also inform the sundarisilks.com Customer Service immediately so that necessary steps may be taken.</p>
<p>Damaged products: In case of damage caused to a product during shipping, sundarisilks.com will make arrangements to replace the damaged product. However, it is incumbent upon the customer to bring the damage to the notice of the courier at the time of delivery. Please note that the replacement is dependent on the report submitted by the courier, and the nature of damage. So, please check the product at the time of delivery, and if unsatisfied make a complaint to the delivery person. Also inform the sundarisilks.com Customer Service immediately so that necessary steps may be taken.</p>
<p>The product purchased by you, would be different from the actual product from our site, which would not be taken back. Refunds: sundarisilks.com will refund full payment if the customer has paid for products that are listed on the website but which are out of stock. In these cases, the Customer Service Team will send an e-mail to the customer, and on obtaining his consent initiate the refund process.</p>
<p>There may be situations where a customer has ordered several products, and one or more of those products are not in stock. In such cases, the customer will be refunded the cost of products not available.</p>
<p>The refunds are made through the payment gateway for all products that are ordered through Credit/Debit cards. These payments are routed back through the customer ‘s Credit Card company, and are credited to the customer’s account.</p>
<p>Refunds of payments made through Demand Draft/Crossed Cheque are made through At Par cheques. These are shipped through couriers with whom sundarisilks.com has an arrangement.</p>
<p>Please write to/call our Customer Service Team for more details.</p>
<h4>Cancellation Policy:</h4>
<p>sundarisilks.com believes in helping its customers as far as possible, and has therefore a liberal cancellation policy. Under this policy: Cancellations will be considered only if the request is made within 24 hours of placing an order. However, the cancellation request will not be entertained if the orders have been communicated to the vendors/merchants and they have initiated the process of shipping them.</p>
<p>There is no cancellation of orders placed under the Same Day Delivery category.</p>
<p>No cancellations are entertained for those products that the sundarisilks.com marketing team has obtained on special occasions like Pongal, Diwali, and Valentine’s Day etc. These are limited occasion offers and therefore cancellations are not possible.</p>
<p>Refund/Replacement can be made if the customer establishes that the quality of product delivered is not good. (Please check Returns and Refunds section for details)</p>
<p>In case you feel that the product received is not as shown on the site or as per your expectations, you must bring it to the notice of our customer service within 24 hours of receiving the product. The Customer Service Team after looking into your complaint will take an appropriate decision.</p>
